welcome to exile magic trick number 384
hey if you want to download this
workbook and follow along click on my
youtube channel then click on my college
website link and you can download the
workbook XL magic trick 381 to 386 and
this trick here we have a simple
keyboard shortcut trick for highlighting
how do you highlight a hundred by
hundred cells because you want to do you
always do this if you want to
immediately add some borders and put
something into all the cell's well you
could just click and drag and but thats
a takes a long time but here's the deal
you for this trick you gotta know where
the last cell is so if you always do a
hundred by a hundred the row is easy hey
I know it's ro 100 but what letter is it
ah so when you do this before you do the
for the first time you got to figure out
where the hundreth columnist so watch
this I'm going to click and drag and
notice that right right here there's a
little screen tip as I grab drag one row
by fifty three columns so I can just
click and drag until I get to my hundred
and it looks like of course it is C V so
that's the trick you got to know where
your destination cell is by the way this
trick will work for all sorts of things
amortization tables all sorts of things
so now watch this you're in a one and if
you want to do complete keyboard
shortcuts you hit the f5 key the f5 key
is go to and there's lots of cool things
like special which we usually use but
look reference it's already automatic
highlight so when you hit f5 then you
just type CV 100 ah but before you hit
enter notice this box here is blue which
means if you hit Enter it'll do that one
hold shift and then enter shift I held
shift and then enter there just like
that we've highlighted a hundred by a
hundred because we said hey go from a 1
all the way to cv 100 it would have just
gone to cv 100 but the fact that we hold
shift highlighted everything in between
and then you do whatever you want your
borders or whatever it is you want so
that's the quick way to highlight
cells using go to f5 type the cell
address and shift enter will see an
extra